---
title: Some people think news have no connection to people's lives, so it is a waste of time to read the news in the newspaper and watch television news programs.
date: 2016-05-26T05:05:36+09:00
published: true
tags: ielts, writing, news, television
---


To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement?


Some people criticize that reading a newspaper or watching television is completely a waste of time, since they believe that news generated by media are quite far from the human life. In my opinion, it is still worthwhile to pay attention to the newspaper and television news programs because the information people obtain from those media still in relation to human activities.


First of all, it is almost inconceivable that newspaper and news programs on television are not interested in people's lives. This is because people's lives are the most interesting news that most of people are inclined to know. If the media fails to meet the people's interest or expectation, they will be highly likely to lead to the failure of their businesses. It is inevitable that people will not purchase the newspaper and watch the news programs only dealing with the issues which have nothing to do with human life.


Secondly, it is well known fact that the key role of the media is to deliver the news that are introducing people's lives to the public. If the media companies do not properly conduct their fundamental role, it is actually undermining the ground of their existences. For example, if there are media companies which do not make an effort to publicize human activities such as protests, politics and business, the companies will naturally encounter severe public outcry for the negligence of their duties.


In summary, nobody cannot deny the fact that most of news are inextricably interwined with human lives. Therefore, the media companies need to fulfill their basic role as well as pay more attention to human life, which result in the success of their businesses.
